BAXSIE
Chemical_Name: N/A
Number: N/A
Synonyms: N, /, A
For [Mg(HL)(H2O)4] (1): The compounds were obtained as colorless block-shaped crystals after heating in a Teflon-lined Parr acid digestion bomb at 1708C for 3 days followed by slow cooling at a rate of 58C to room temperature. The initial reaction mixture was prepared by mixing magnesium nitrate and pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid in a 2:1 ratio in water. The pH of the reaction mixture was adjusted by changing the molar proportion of the weak base sodium azide. The pH of the medium was thereby adjusted to 4 to obtain monomer. For [Mg(HL)(H2O)3]2 (2): The compounds were obtained as colorless block-shaped crystals after heating in a Teflon-lined Parr acid digestion bomb at 1708C for 3 days followed by slow cooling at a rate of 58C to room temperature. The initial reaction mixture was prepared by mixing magnesium nitrate and pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid in a 2:1 ratio in water. The pH of the reaction mixture was adjusted by changing the molar proportion of the weak base sodium azide. The pH of the medium was thereby adjusted to 5 to obtain dimer. For [Mg(HL)2(H2L)2]n (3): The compounds were obtained as colorless block-shaped crystals after heating in a Teflon-lined Parr acid digestion bomb at 1708C for 3 days followed by slow cooling at a rate of 58C to room temperature. The initial reaction mixture was prepared by mixing magnesium nitrate and pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid in a 2:1 ratio in water. The pH of the reaction mixture was adjusted by changing the molar proportion of the weak base sodium azide. The pH of the medium was thereby adjusted to 6 to obtain 1D framework compounds. For {[Mg3(L)2(H2O)2] (H3L)·2(H2O)}n (4): The compounds were obtained as colorless block-shaped crystals after heating in a Teflon-lined Parr acid digestion bomb at 1708C for 3 days followed by slow cooling at a rate of 58C to room temperature. The initial reaction mixture was prepared by mixing magnesium nitrate and pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid in a 2:1 ratio in water. The pH of the reaction mixture was adjusted by changing the molar proportion of the weak base sodium azide. The pH of the medium was thereby adjusted to 7 to obtain 2D framework compounds. For {[Mg3(L)(OH)3(H2O)2]·H2O}n (5): The compounds were obtained as colorless block-shaped crystals after heating in a Teflon-lined Parr acid digestion bomb at 1708C for 3 days followed by slow cooling at a rate of 58C to room temperature. The initial reaction mixture was prepared by mixing magnesium nitrate and pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid in a 2:1 ratio in water. The pH of the reaction mixture was adjusted by changing the molar proportion of the weak base sodium azide. The pH of the medium was thereby adjusted to 8 to obtain 3D framework compounds.
Abbreviation: H3L
Full Name: pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid